A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
EPISODE 13
SEVERAL MONTHS AGO…
[blues music plays]
[door opening]
[sighs heavily]
Nobody here to pick me up?
Mm-mm.
Guess the rumors are true
and my family really is gone, huh?
[Tatsu] You gotta check
where the deals are before going shopping.
[Masa] Right.
If you don't plan which stores
to hit ahead of time…
[Masa] Right.
…you'll end up wasting money
at the wrong store.
I need two banana cream
deluxe specials, please.
Sure thing.
-[ominous music plays]
-Two banana cream deluxe specials, right?
[gasps]
You… You're the…
Torajiro.
[gasps]
[Masa] The yakuza who had
his fists do the talking,
and was once considered
the Immortal Dragon's only rival…
The Steel-Fist Tiger!
-[Masa grunts]
-[Torajiro] Long time no see, Tatsu.
You fucking bastard,
while I was doing time,
you went and busted up my clan.
Thanks to you, I got nowhere to go,
so now I'm slinging crepes.
Enough about me.
What the fuck are you doing around here?
[shouts] Huh?
These days I'm a househusband.
[laughs]
A guy who only knew how to fight
is a househusband now?
You fucking kidding?!
[grunts]
I'm a househusband,
and you're a crepe slinger.
I think you know how we gotta settle this.
Let's do it, then.
[Masa] A duel between two legendary yakuza
is about to go down!
[grunts loudly]
[Masa] The Steel-Fist Tiger lives up
to his reputation. What dexterity!
[gasps] These are
some serious knife skills!
He doesn't skimp on the whipped cream,
and adds that… what's it called?
That fruit!
Boss is going just as hard, digging
into the ingredients we just bought,
and arranges them real nice.
A little of this on top of that.
Yeah, that's it! Nice!
All right, all right, all right.
And after all of that,
they're done!
Extra special jumbo deluxe
tropical fruit crepe.
Fruit jam and almond jelly
with strawberries.
[camera apps clicking]
TWO HOURS LATER
1 LIKE
MIKUCURE LIKED YOUR PHOTO
0 LIKES
#CREPE #TROPICAL
[pigeons cooing and flapping]
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
[Tatsu and Masa]
The Way of The Househusband.
EPISODE 14
[pleasant rock music plays]
Wow!
This one's so cool.
Are you looking for a family car?
-I can help.
-[Miku] Huh? Well…
Just my husband and me.
-Oh, I see. You want a black Benz, then.
-[Miku] Huh?
I'm loving this look.
Trunk's too small for our luggage.
So cool, and big.
Can't make the tight turns
at the supermarket.
So stylish.
A gas guzzler's out of the budget.
-[horn honks]
-That's more like it!
Plenty of cargo space, turns well,
and the cost of fuel is just--
-Mm?
-No.
Excuse me, but how about this one here?
This one is a very popular family car.
You can fold down the seats
for more space.
And I could easily throw
a person back here too.
[saleswoman] I suppose so.
-Would you like to test drive it?
-Wow, yes please.
We'd love a test drive, right?
Hmm.
[fast-paced music plays]
[knocking]
Is this glass bulletproof?
[saleswoman] Bulletproof?
Um, no, it's not.
[whirring]
[key clicks]
[engine rumbles gently]
What say we use this to hit
a few stores running deals?
[saleswoman] We're not supposed
to stop at other businesses.
Stick to the rules, honey.
Take a good look around
and drive defensively.
[Tatsu] Drive defensively, huh?
Mm.
[gun cocks]
[gasps]
Die, Immortal Dragon!
[grunts] I'm backing up!
[Miku] Why on earth?
-That guy could easily be an assassin!
-What?
-Shit!
-[man laughs]
-[man groans]
-[Tatsu grunts]
-That way's blocked too!
-[tires screech]
What the hell are you doing?
[gasps]
[old man wheezes and mutters]
[mutters]
[blasts]
Look out!
[trolley squeaks gently]
[breathing heavily]
-Miku…
-Uh-huh?
Sorry, but this deal,
I'm going to have to walk away from it.
[dramatic music plays]
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 15
This is it, boss. You can leave
your shoes wherever you want.
Oh, Masa. What the hell
have you done here?
I… I let you down. I'm so sorry.
[Tatsu] No good saying sorry. It's done.
We gotta clean this up.
[Masa] It's fine.
I'll just run one big load later.
Uh…
-[slaps]
-[groans]
[Tatsu] You amateur!
Whites and colors?
You're gonna start a turf war!
Think these colors won't bleed?!
[Masa] Sorry!
[Tatsu] What the hell?
You've screwed up big time.
Yeah, that's from eating curry udon.
When you botch the job,
you gotta clean it up right away.
Get me hot water, 100 degrees!
Eh, uh… Oh, uh, yeah!
[thumps]
Uh, what's that white powder?
Sodium percarbonate.
It's a cocktail of sodium carbonate
and hydrogen peroxide.
In other words, oxygen bleach.
This'll thrash those stains, no problem.
Where'd you get this stuff?
The hardware store.
And now you waterboard it.
You getting this?
Uh, ah… Yeah.
Worst case, I'll just have to guugle it.
This is where I spilled some juice.
This is ice cream.
This is mud, maybe?
[Tatsu growls] I'll take you on
all at once, you bastards!
Stay out of this, Masa!
Yep, got it.
[Masa] That's the boss I know.
Still tough as nails.
[tapping]
[gentle music plays]
[fabric ruffling]
-Yeah.
-[Masa laughs]
[wind whooshing]
[shirt splashes]
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 16
-[woman 1] Aw! Look, this is so cute.
-[woman 2] Yeah, super cute.
Like, how much is this purse?
100% authentic and handmade,
so for you, 200 yen.
ONE MONTH AGO
[sewing machine whirring]
You bought a sewing machine?
-What's that?
-Ice shaver.
To make me fit.
[pottery wheel hums]
Don't you think
it's getting a bit cluttered?
All these gadgets and things of yours,
can't you get rid of some of them?
Oh, but I… Well, yeah.
Okay.
Why don't you sell this stuff?
Like at a flea market.
You're saying I should take it
to the streets?
STREET VENDOR = RIP OFF
[Miku] To the what?
I've got the goods
but this turf is pretty cutthroat.
Oh, hey, Tatsu. Sold anything?
Nope, not a damn thing.
Oh, no. Well, what are you selling?
Kitchen gadgets, cleaning gizmos,
and some things I made as a hobby.
-[dragon roars]
-I see.
Hey! I'm pretty proud of this.
-[woman yelps]
-Huh?
[dramatic music plays]
Who the fuck said
you can sell this shit here?
You gotta pay your respects
to the Saruwatari Group.
But I got permission
from the facility office.
-You what? You gotta pay up, pal!
-[whimpers]
Hey! No need to get violent.
What did you--
[gasps]
This guy, he's the Immortal Dragon!
[shudders]
[trembling]
Who the hell are you?
Let's take it somewhere else.
[nervously] Yeah, fine.
Whatever you say. That works.
Let's just say I use to be
in the same line of work.
-I know all about turfs.
-[shudders]
I get you can't leave empty-handed.
-[meows]
-So here, have a kitty cat peeler.
-This can peel anything.
-Hmm?
[groans] Is he gonna peel off
my fingernails?
-[whimpers]
-You trying to play us, punk?
All right.
How about a SharkShake blender?
[boss] For turning us into mincemeat?
[groans]
Come on, legs, don't fail me now.
[man] Boss, what's wrong?
You drive a real hard bargain.
-[squeaks]
-Fine, I'll throw this in too.
[boss] This… This one. I can handle this.
It floats. Rub-a-dub-dub.
-[water rushing]
-[boss] Water… Float…
It floats but I don't!
Is he gonna throw me in the sea?
-[screams]
-[man] Boss!
Please.
I beg you, have mercy.
[toy squeaks]
[dramatic music plays]
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
[door opens]
EPISODE 17
[leaves rustle]
It's about time.
Basil and chamomile,
okra and cherry tomatoes.
[chuckles]
Pasta, pizza, herbal tea.
Oh, what should I do to 'em?
[cop] That tip-off we got was right.
He's growing
some suspicious-looking plants.
I'm not surprised.
I knew that punk
was gonna be up to no good.
We gotta be careful now.
No way, Nagai.
Let's bust his ass right now.
[Nagai] Wait, what?
[intriguing music plays]
[Tatsu] I'll share some with Masa.
[clicks]
[door opens]
-Hey Nagai, he's on the move!
-He is?
[cop 1] Where's he going?
[Nagai] Ha! Where do you think?
He's off to sell it.
Remember, he's a pro.
Bet you he's gonna try
and fly under the radar.
-[grunts]
-[pedaling]
[both panting]
[both breathing heavily]
[Nagai panting] He's… on… the phone.
[cop 1 wheezing] Probably…
calling his connection.
[gasps]
[dramatic music plays]
[cop 1] That guy, he's gotta be a pusher!
Look, it's going down.
Wait for it, wait…
Busted!
Caught him red-handed making a deal.
-We can nab him right now!
-Wait, hang on.
We need evidence first.
We gotta be careful.
[cop 1] Look, he's on the move again.
Heading down that shady back alley!
-[door opens]
-What's this?
That place is closed!
Could be a major deal going down.
Let's stake 'em out before-- Huh?
-[door crashes]
-Wait! We gotta call for backup.
Police! Everybody freeze!
What the hell is this?
Uh, Madam Chairperson's birthday.
We booked the whole joint.
A birthday party.
That's a lie!
We know you made a deal
with that punk just now!
A deal?
You mean this basil that boss grew?
Pasta, pizza, salad.
-Put it in anything.
-[cop 1] Oh.
Hiding the real deal, are you?
You can't fool a veteran like me.
That case, the real stuff's in there.
[Tatsu] This is an offering
to Madam Chairperson.
It's moist potpourri.
Wha… What's moist potpourri?
This stuff is moist petals and junk,
preserved in salt.
You're supposed to enjoy
the way it smells.
When the smells goes away,
you can use the salt in your bath.
[groans]
You're one feminine felon.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 18
-[thudding]
-[crumbling]
[growls]
[heavy metal music plays]
[yakuza boss] Fucking Immortal Dragon.
[jacket ruffling]
My knees. Gotta train my knees.
Push my knees beyond the fucking limit.
[yells]
[breathing heavily]
Hey, boss.
KNEE SUPPORT GLUCOSAMINE MIX
[gulping]
Gentlemen, let's roll.
I'm gonna crush the Immortal Dragon.
Oh, okay.
[suspenseful music plays]
[yakuza] Hey, ain't that Tatsu?
The Immortal Dragon?
[thuds]
[all] Boss!
[Tatsu] Hmm?
[closing theme music playing]